---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

This text should be replaced by your second post.

The easiest way to make your second post is to edit this one.
Go into /\_posts/ and update the 2026-02-01-week02.md file.

The benefit of a code of conduct document like the Go one is how it creates set expectations, making it easy to refer back to when someone violates a rule or is unsure about potentially violating a rule. It makes it so everyone has the same baseline understanding. The Go version does a great job at establishing the values each member must exhibit but also specific ways to handle conflict and specific examples of behavior to avoid. The Contributer Convenant is the foundation for the GO conduct of conduct, one core difference is how they encourage you to approach conflict reoslution. The convenant saus to report violations while Go's encourages you to try to resolve it and escalte if neccesary, then it gives examples to help make the distinction. Another difference is the way things get reported. FOr the covenant, it's a simple system where it's repoprted to a project team through email. The Go one has specific people it goes to such as the project stweards, who work with a commitee of representatives from the open source programs office and google open source strategy team. It's more detailed about how it's all structured and the chain it goes down. I think Go made these changes to ensure less strain was put on the incident reviewers by minimizing the amount of simple or easy to solve incidents from reaching them, instead being solved by the developers. In terms of the second difference, I believe it was made to ensure that not only a proper review system is in place when real incidents come in but also so there's transparency with the developers and people who read the report.

Eclipe is another that adopted the Code Covenant's foundation, however it differs from the Go code of conduct. This difference is because eclipse isn't one centralized project like Go, it's multiple projects and groups being governed by a bigger entity. So it has to define more roles than the Go code of conduct, establishing people who have different responsibilities from the employees to the project leads to the committee and more. [Link](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php)

The sugar labs code of conduct is based on Ubuntu's Code of Conduct, which is listed at the bottom of the page. It differs from Go's since structures itself completely different, by focusing on the headers/sections on values such a respect and collaboration, whilst Go focuses on it's pledge, standards, reponsibilities and more. The sugar labs emphaisizes community and collaboration above all whole Go is more focused on avoiding and handling stick situations accordingly.

[React's code of conduct](https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) utilizes the Contributor covenant at it's core. So it follows a more structured incident prevention and resolution focus versus the community driven approach of sugar labs. It has small changes specific to the project but other than that, it's essentially the Contributor covenant
